the Golden Rule by Irene Cooper with
illustrations by Gabi swiped Oska - hon
- others as you would have them do unto
you a boy and his grandfather stood on a
city sidewalk looking up at the words
printed on a billboard grandpa what does
that say the boy asked do as you would
have them do unto you people all over
the world called those words the Golden
Rule what does it mean the boy wanted to
know and why is it golden it means this
treat people the way you would like to
be treated it's golden because it's
valuable and a way of living your life
that's so simple it shines do unto
others as you would have them do unto
you
grandfather let the boy to another
billboard farther down the sidewalk some
people put the Golden Rule another way
do nothing to other people that you
would not like having done to you either
way he said it's a very good rule who's
it for the boy asked do unto others as
you would have them do unto you you me
anyone can practice the golden rule a
rule that's the same for children and
grown-ups same rule there are too many
rules like that very few and it's for
people everywhere everywhere
do unto others as you would have them do
unto you whatever their religion people
find the idea of the golden rule in
their holy books grandfather said
Christianity says you should love your
neighbor as you love yourself
Judaism says what is hateful to you do
not do to your fellow humans do unto
zaz you would have them do unto you
Islam says hurt no one so that no one
may hurt you hinduism says this is the
sam of duty to do nothing to others
which would cause them pain do unto
others as you would have them do unto
you
Buddhism says do not do to others what
would hurt you
the Shawnee tribe says do not kill or
injure your neighbor for it is not he or
she that you injure you injure yourself
do unto others as you would have them do
unto you the boy and his grandfather sat
on the park bench so grandpa how could I
start to practice the Golden Rule you
begin by using your imagination my
imagination you imagine how someone else
feels for instance a new child who is
joining your class how do you think that
boy or girl is feeling do unto others as
you would have them do unto me new kids
always look scared
would you be scared if it was you oh yes
what would make you feel better if if
someone smiled at me so to practice the
golden rule you would smile at the new
kid would have a new one to you you've
got it I bet you can think of other ways
you'd like to be treated and ways you
wouldn't want to be treated how do you
feel when you're teased or bullied sad
yes mad yes small I feel small sad mad
small do you like feeling like that no
neither does anyone else to do
you would have them do unto you the boy
thought for a moment about the golden
rule I see there are lots of things I
can do I can tell the truth because I
don't like to be lied to I want people
to listen to me so I should listen to
other people when I'm sick or what I'm
tired sometimes I need to help so I
should offer my help to those who need
it you're getting the idea grandfather
nodded once as you would have them do
unto you the boy looked at his
grandfather practicing the golden rule
seems like it can be hard I said it was
simple I didn't say it would always be
easy grandpa the boy said the golden
rule is a very big thing isn't it very
big and very small I'm very old it's
been around for thousands of years
thousands of years well then I don't
think everyone is practicing the way
they should otherwise there wouldn't be
so many problems between people between
countries do unto others as you would
have them do unto you
you're right my boy I wonder how things
would change if everyone lived by the
golden rule I think people would be
nicer kinder they'd act better towards
their families and friends and even
strangers do unto others as you would
have them do unto you
what if country lived by the Golden Rule
grandfather asked well then people
wouldn't want to hurt each other because
they don't like being hurt maybe that
wouldn't be worse that would be
wonderful wouldn't it wonderful grandpa
but you can't make everyone in the world
practice the Golden Rule there's only
one person you can ask to do that me
unto others as you would have them do
unto you you it begins with you
unto you
do-do-do-do-do-do